Organizational variation in transportation can include
networks such as roads, railways, airways, waterways
and pipelines, as well as nodes like airports,
railway stations and seaports.
Transport vehicles like trucks, trains, aircraft
and watercraft come in many varieties as do carriers.
Private, public or military services
they're provided by the truckloads.
Less than truckload by airlift or sealift
and relationships and rates.
Transportation management encounters many variations
and challenges because the distribution network
is worldwide and uses road, rail, air and sea.
Transportation management and industry
can be more fully managed by the supply chain.
For instance, Walmart owns it's trucking
and distribution centers to get goods
to their stores for customers.
In the government much of the transportation management
falls on the vendor.
There are no distribution centers in VA
because the vendor stocks the items
in their distribution centers.
As a result, they manage the transportation to get items
into the hospital.
Transportation at VA may include getting items
from the warehouse to the primary storage areas
and finally to the clinical units.